---
layout: post
title:  "The blog is here, finally!"
date:   2023-03-31 00:00:00 -0000
categories: General
---
Hey! Welcome to my blog! I'll go by Reading, and I have a huge passion for technology and writing! I've been meaning to create this blog for a while now but never got around to it. (Procrastination is my worst enemy...) but the blog is finally here! and I'll be covering a variety of topics, Such as! 

**Tech**: I'm a huge proponent of open-source software and hardware, I use ChromeOS and Debian as my regular day-to-day drivers! I also have a small home server, so look forward to reading more about it soon!

**Gaming**: I love RPGs! (Specifically JRPGs.) My favorites include the Fire Emblem, Pokemon, and Valkyria Chronicles series! I also love some indies like Superhot and Downwell.

**Anime and Manga**: I'm an avid watcher of anime and usually gravitate to the fantasy, adventure, and mecha genres, with some Isekai sprinkled in there!
My favorites include Mobile Suit Gundam, Code Geass, Full Metal Alchemist Brotherhood, and Gundam Build Fighters!

**Writing**: Like I said, I'm a writer, and I'm planning a few short stories and novels. I'm currently working on an original piece that I would love to tell you all more about it soon! All I can say for now is that if you like tech-related stories, this will be right up your alley!

**Gunpla**: I have just started getting into building gunpla kits, and I'm equally excited to share my builds with you all, Straight Assembly's because I'm not *that* good!

This won't be everything I'll hope to cover, but I'll mostly focus on these five categories. Nothing is ever final, so I may change things around, but if you like what you read, be sure to subscribe to my RSS feed, so you don't miss a post!

Thanks for reading!